OLS-667: OLS for disconnected mode (#94201)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ols-about-running-openshift-lightspeed-in-disconnected-mode.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * lightspeed-docs-main/about/ols-about-openshift-lightspeed.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="about-running-openshift-lightspeed-in-disconnected-mode_{context}"]
= About running {ols-long} in disconnected mode

> The {ols-long} OpenShift operator and the {ols-long} service can work in a disconnected environment. A disconnected environment is an environment that does not have full access to the internet. 

Reviewer: `Openshift Lightspeed Openshift operator`?
IMO we don't need the second openshift, `{ols-long} operator `should be enough

Author: I completely missed this. Thanks!

> In a disconnected environment, you must mirror the required container images into the environment. For more information, see "Mirroring in disconnected environments" in the {ocp-product-title} product documentation.

Reviewer 2: You don't want to give a hard link here? I would. Perhaps as an improvement later on. Not a merge blocker.

> In a disconnected environment, you must mirror the required container images into the environment. For more information, see "Mirroring in disconnected environments" in the {ocp-product-title} product documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In a disconnected environment, you must mirror the required container images because they are not pulled over the main network. For more information, see "Mirroring in disconnected environments" in the {ocp-product-title} product documentation.
```
I think is more accurate. Again, not a merge blocker, but perhaps more precise. For another day...
